gentlemen to the wan show we've got a
significantly better streaming setup
this week uh i can't i can't promise
it's gonna be a great show though we
just did three of these
and uh
this is you know this is the final
pre-recorded wan show for this session
and like yeah even i'm tired at this
point
i will say i will say i have no major
complaints anymore because i am home now
so there's no way for me nowhere for me
to really go
yeah yeah yeah this this whole uh this
whole quarantine thing is working out
absolutely great for you i am 100
certain that you are self quarantined
only 50 out of concern for the virus
the other 50 is definitely because you
hated going out anywhere anyway
yeah i will say one thing i'm actually
quite sad because of the timing because
i was really i
i used to do this thing called sports
day and on a certain day of the week
myself and some friends would go to a
field and just play random sports and i
was like really excited to get that
going again um you've never invited me
to that are we not friends no that's a
no i have actually you have you have i
was never able to come i had very young
children at the time in my defense in my
district you might be able to now but
now we can't go outside yeah i would be
super jazzed to come to sports day now
but that doesn't seem to be in the car
i'm hoping that we can get like one in
this summer but anyways we've got a
great show for you guys today intel's
10th gen mobile processors have been
announced and they actually look like
they might give amd a run for their
money if by give them a run for their
money we're talking raw performance as
opposed to efficiency which is typically
one of the ways that we do in fact
measure the performance of a mobile
processor
in other news razer releases a new blade
15 with a
hertz 300hz
ouch
get it uh 8 400 megahertz
oh
you know ouch
one of those jokes in a while but razer
and all the other people that are going
to have 300 hertz displays
uh ddr5 mass production starts this year
that'll be interesting also samsung
that'll be interesting really that's all
the commentaries you have on that no no
i want more i want more i know this is
the intro but you got to give me more
than that
we uh we won't see it for a while and
its impact on intel's side probably
won't be that high
all right cool
all right you can tell me about the
samsung thing now
the samsung thing yeah uh samsung to
cease all lcd production in 2020 uh
samsung display decided to end all of
its production of lcd panels in south
korea and china by the end of this year
they announced on tuesday wow that is
crazy huge actually yeah
why is that marked rumor because our
source is like
writers
which is generally not associated with
rumor mongering okay we're gonna have to
get a little bit of clarification on
that one unfortunately yeah all the all
the writers are contributing kind of
their top stories to the doc these days
and whoever contributed that one didn't
mark it so we're just gonna have to make
some wild guesses i'm gonna guess
james
and i'm gonna guess that it's time to
roll that intro
they can hear us i think
[Music]
i'm not sure if they can hear the intro
wait we did a test can they hear the
intro
music
uh
yeah okay cool
is it is it super loud or is it is it
okay this week
it was oh
no one's screaming yet okay so well
that's a good sign
and the show is brought to you today by
backlash honey and private internet
access
i didn't see any of those come up on
screen if you did they no they they
didn't because i didn't copy the lower
third versions of the sponsor uh
pictures
so they weren't there but i said them i
said them verbally and i'm pretty sure
they still have to pay us if i do that
nice so it should be fine that's the
goal that's the important part mission
accomplished you know look
the videos are just a distraction okay
that's the shiny object i hold up the
keys and jangling the keys
lttstore.com that's the real play
yeah oh that video was so much fun to
make actually that was a total blast
guys you should have seen
luke's other takes because
it's possible that they were worse
yeah i uh they probably were yeah
i actually don't know if they were i
think that might have been the worst one
i think they might have intentionally
taken
the the least believable take of that
scene and guys guys it was amazing so i
actually watched riley coaching luke
like riley was luke's acting coach for
that shot and he's like he's like he's
showing him how to do the cry right and
it's like he's like okay no no don't
worry you don't have to cry you just
can you do the cry for us luke can you
cry a little bit i can try but i'm so
bad as everyone has seen and like he
wanted me to
crunch over as if i got like hit in the
side and then just scrunch my face as
much as possible that was my like
guidance
so i was supposed to just be like
[Laughter]
[Music]
there was no like follow-up i wasn't
supposed to make any noise
when he did the um because i told him i
told him when we were reviewing the
script i was like look riley
um
that's not i don't think that's gonna
fly because he had he actually had a lot
of um more acting heavy
uh things written into the original
script so colton was actually going to
be the mastermind and i was just like a
pawn in his game and he had like all
these interactions oops sorry guys and
he had all these interactions between me
and colton like scripted out where he
was gonna i was gonna be like oh i'm
sorry i'm sorry for doing it wrong and
colton was gonna like yell at me it's
rog can't you get that through your
idiot head like it like there was a
whole different dynamic to it and i was
like
look
here's the problem
the acting skill that you have to work
with here may not be up to the standards
that you're accustomed to mr murdock
and he's like no no this isn't that hard
and i'm like no no it's hard anyway so
when we were on the iteration where
where i'm like the jerk because
i don't know what it is but i don't i
have a really easy time playing like a
total jerk boss on camera
you know it's like it feels like i'm
barely even acting you know i just
um
you know it's just all the things i want
to say i just let them out
um no no for real though like i i i
really enjoy playing the bad guy for
whatever reason i have way too much fun
with it and when i'm having fun it's
just i just find it really easy so we're
on the iteration where i'm just like the
jerk who knows absolutely nothing about
computers rather than being like a
victim in all of this
and uh he he shows me the the dialogue
for your interview and i'm like
luke can't act
he can't cry
you can't ask that of him
and he's like no no don't worry it's
easy all he has to do is
and i'm like
okay maybe
[Laughter]
that's how he sold me on it the way he
did it was so funny though that guy is
so funny
yes he's hilarious
he's much much funnier than i am and
like i i tried to even explain
linus kept on just saying like i told
you so cause i was trying to explain to
riley like i can't do this
this is not my type of acting i can act
like upset or angry
very well you can handle anger pretty
well yeah like we've done some some
skits in like some just kind of goofy
cringy stuff like that where luke has to
act angry and he can do it like he's
kind of scary
he's got like 100 pounds on me
[Laughter]
i the the like
sad or
interested when i'm not
which is a bit of an issue when you're
reviewing things and like a few other
things i have troubles with yeah yeah
anger though anger luke can act angry
and i can act like a jerk
so like whenever we whenever we've done
skits where like i'm supposed to be a
jerk and he's supposed to be mad about
it it's like people are like wow these
guys can act it's like
no not really not really the one
dimensional
yeah all right why don't we jump into
our first topic for the day um you know
what let's go straight into samsung um
to be seizing all lcd production
so this is um
south korean panel maker samsung display
this is from reuters.com
has decided to end all of its production
of lcd
displays in south korea and china by the
end of this year so just to clarify this
is samsung display which like lg display
is not the same thing as samsung
electronics co-limited the company that
you would buy your fancy galaxy
smartphone or even your samsung branded
consumer tv from so samsung display
makes panels that they then actually
sell to the separate company samsung
electronics co-limited so that's how you
avoid
a situation where apple is suing samsung
over copying the iphone or whatever and
then
apple also needs to buy display panels
from samsung those are two separate
companies actually
um
and they will definitely continue to
work together one really important note
here too is that they're ceasing the
production of lcd they're not ceasing
into production of screens or panels
they're just ceasing the production of
lcd screens and panels they're they're
moving to oled and stuff like that
they're moving on they're moving forward
so one thing that's a little bit
confusing to me
is i i can't um
like i
it drives me crazy but i think part of
this is just like like a branding thing
because samsung can you turn your
notifications down because samsung is
ceasing uh the production of lcds
but they are going to keep manufacturing
so the investment for the next five
years will be focused on converting one
of the south korean lcd lines into a
facility to mass produce more advanced
quantum dot screens
yeah they're i think they're
they're
legitimately i think part of this
announcement is a is a like marketing
ploy
because they're like they're different
yeah they're new the thing is that
they're not the same
so so right now samsung's entire qled
lineup is based on lcd panels with a
quantum dot layer that helps them be
more efficient and have a wider color
gamut and all those benefits that you
get from quantum dots
but samsung has
it seems very intentionally branded
their qled displays very similarly to
oled and vary separately from lcds
so what's not clear to me right now
though is when they say and this is this
is a quote from the article when they
say they were they're going to produce
more advanced quantum dot screens what
they're not saying is whether those are
going to be quantum dot screens with
lcds as the the foundational technology
or if those are going to be the upcoming
well i've heard rumors of this i
actually haven't looked into it for a
while so i don't know how solid any of
it is but the upcoming oled based
quantum dot displays because there's no
actual reason that you couldn't use an
oled panel and quantum dot to
work with each other i just think no one
has done it yet uh don't quote me on any
of that though i just i was like up late
reading months ago and was looking into
that but um so we just don't know what
kind of quantum dot displays samsung's
going to be working on over there
whatever they end up doing they're far
from ending display production oh yeah
um if anything else they're just like
retooling their facility
um and moving forward the big
announcement here is really that they're
investing 10.72 billion dollars in their
facilities and research uh to convert
their current lcd production facilities
to more advanced quantum dot production
facilities whatever that necessarily
means in terms of what's driving it
behind it is slightly up in the air
right now no that is in our notes oh
good yeah good it wasn't in that article
but it must be one of the other ones so
the first iteration of these more
advanced quantum dot screens yay we'll
use oled displays and quantum dot as a
film they're expected to the market in
2022. woo cool we're good yeah um so
they currently run two lcd production
lines at factories in south korea and
two lcd only factories in china last
october they suspended one of the lcd
korean lines um they have not yet
decided on the future operation of their
factories in china uh lg display said
earlier this year that they're going to
halt domestic production of lcd tv
panels by the end of 2020. so it looks
like
basically what's happened whoops sorry
basically what's happened is the chinese
lcd makers have come in flooded the
market with panels at lower prices and
it's no longer profitable to produce
lcds the good news is that if you're
samsung and you're lg you're used to
playing this game
you're always trying to get one step out
ahead of the curve so that's why for the
last three four five ten years you've
been working on refining oled or you've
been working on micro lead and so by the
time lcd gets cheap and you know
basically anyone can buy a gigantic tv
for a few hundred dollars that's big
enough to fill their living room which
is basically where we're at they're
going to have something that's newer and
better and more compelling in some
meaningful way that they can actually
make a decent amount of margin on
so i i for one am super excited about
micro led getting to
a new level of affordability because the
performance is already amazing you
haven't done a trade show with us in a
while but micro led displays have gotten
freaking
nuts and you know i think we're tv
manufacturers are up against a lot of
um
a lot of bottlenecks right now and by
bottlenecks i mean bottlenecks in the
in the ways that they can make the user
experience more enjoyable so for a long
time it was making your tv uh you know
possible to move around and making it
take up less space in your living room
right
back when we went from crts to you know
plasmas or like the the early lcds i
mean early lcds they didn't have an
image quality advantage over crt right
yeah they were more expensive they were
just they were slimmer and that was cool
they weren't they didn't weigh an
obscene amount they weren't like
impossible to move you could mount them
up on a wall
other cool stuff like that so next up
was the resolution war so we went from
you know what what what is it uh
uh
12 12 whatever by like 768 being an hd
tv up to you know now you've got 4k and
even 8k displays on the market all right
meanwhile you've got the size war
actually the size war probably came
before the resolution more they were
really pushing up sizes uh with like
rear projection and then with lcds later
once those got more affordable then
we've got the resolution oh yeah then we
got the gimmicks in between you know
your 3d uh stereoscopic 3d which
actually was a very cool experience on
the first generation lg signature
because oled's
oled pixels are actually fast enough
that you got really great separation and
i was actually kind of disappointed that
the next generation signature did away
with 3d because i own a couple of pretty
great 3d blu-rays and they looked
amazing
as you can see i think most people
haven't had including myself i believe
you that you have this experience but i
think most people haven't had a very
positive like tv 3d experience because
it's lcd it's not fast enough it's not
fast enough you have to have that clear
image separation
and enough brightness and in a dark room
that oled wow i think taryn has that at
his house so if you could convince him
to let you come over for a movie night
not right now all right now movie night
ain't a thing um but it it is it is i i
gave him the glasses too he's got at
least two pairs of glasses for it so
it's worth it's worth trying it's really
good um so anyway you had your gimmicks
in there and then now we're up against a
problem because you can't you can't make
them any thinner right
it's it's already at the point where you
can literally mount a tv on your wall as
wallpaper okay if you if you're willing
to spend the money for it and even the
ones that you can't put on as wallpaper
are good enough
you've reached the point where more
resolution is actually meaningless um
going from 4k to 8k
um
and in fact meanwhile so the the tv
manufacturers are pushing up the
resolution meanwhile nvidia is sitting
over there going like oh yeah we can
just use like ai upscaling to basically
change like um increase the perceived
sharpness of the image in a way that
doesn't degrade it and that tech is
getting really good so it's integrated
into the new shield tv jake's working on
a review right now and it'll take 1080p
content and upscale it to 4k it's like
it's looking it's looking pretty fine
pretty tight
so okay that's totally pointless and
then the size of the displays themselves
has gotten to the point where
you can like the
i'm not gonna say the average family but
i'm gonna say the like american dream
family okay so you got your minivan you
got your suburban house
um you know what i'm talking about right
they can afford a 65 to 77 inch tv
assuming that they're not buying a new
one every year you know what i mean like
if you're upgrading your tv on a
reasonable cycle like every five years
or something like that you can
any anyone you know like that
a family can own a gigantic tv like the
kind people used to assume that you had
to be a millionaire to own it's that's
not the case anymore and it's to the
point where you can't even transport
them
there's like i think i think there's
like 65 if you find the right chinese
panel you can get like 65-inch tvs this
might be in us dollars to be clear uh
but for like 300 350 bucks exactly
that's why the 300
which is probably a little higher now so
probably close to 350 399 is like the
target big electronic purchase price
it's like your xbox your playstation
your switch your tv they're all around
that price because that's uh more
digestible for that target you were just
talking that's the disposable that's the
like this disposable income magic number
that's why the swiss yeah like yeah
every game console basically like that's
what you know early discmans cost you
know minidisc players like
that's the price point everyone's going
for for a reason um but they're at the
point now where
you can't really okay we can hdr can get
better hdr can keep getting better but
to a lot of people that's not going to
be as meaningful of an improvement and
now that you can get a 4k 120hz tv like
you finally bought a tv after all these
years yes which one did you go with did
you go with the b or the c series the
the one you recommended okay i think i
recommended the b yeah
it's like basically it's amazing and i
got it at the perfect time because now
we're
my whole my roommate my girlfriend and i
are all quarantined in the house and now
we have this sweet tv so it's actually
worked out really well have you gamed on
it yet
uh not much but a little bit yes so
it's nice we're at the point now where
you can get a 4k 120 hertz oled panel
for like
you know pretty affordable
and it's got great hdr so so so
basically in order to improve things you
kind of got to go big again like i think
that
you could convince you to upgrade if you
could have like your whole wall
covered in tv for like the same price as
what you paid now
hold on though hold on we're talking
with now we're talking with perfect
black levels right because that's what
micro led offers it's perfect black just
like oled so what you could effectively
do is like cover your wall with these
panels and then you could have like a
configurable tv so you could have it be
like super ultra panoramic for movies
you could have it be like huge for just
like you know video chatting you could
have a like live wall yeah a live stream
it could be like one of those uh you
know the like the the tv itself has this
but the chromecast version is way better
when it like play it puts random
pictures on the screen exactly if you
had a live wall that was kind of like
that and you could have like a moving
i i know what it said moving picture but
you know what i mean like like a still
camera long term shot of like the hills
of switzerland or some craziness like
that that would be amazing that's coming
and i bet not far behind it is going to
be like the built-in eye tracking
technology so that as you walk past it
like it's like a window and cool stuff
like that it's absolutely coming and i
think that's really where they have to
go to incentivize anyone who's buying a
tv today to upgrade because i'm at the
point now where the one in my living
room which is basically identical to
yours is like endgame
this is this is small but i i haven't
owned a tv uh
i this is the first first tv that i've
ever purchased
i traded for one i gave someone some ram
and a cpu cooler yeah and i got a tv
this is the first tv i've ever purchased
um
and
we plugged the switch in to the tv
because my girlfriend wanted to play
animal crossing on the tv and she
grabbed the remote and pressed the voice
control button
and said uh like open nintendo switch or
something
and i was like oh that's not gonna work
you have to tell it like what input to
go through and the tv was just like
opening the nintendo switch and just
worked immediately i was like what what
stuff's pretty good these days man i
think you're good that kind of stuff is
pretty cool yeah all right let's move on
to our next topic um so yeah they're
seizing lcd production but it's not a
big deal because they're still going to
make
displays they're just going to be ones
that they can actually make margin on
and that
push push things forward and micro lead
is where i'm really excited the good
news is they've got you know five years
to eight years while all the people that
are still rocking you know early
generation lcds get through their
upgrade cycle um but i don't i think at
the enthusiast level there's not going
to be much to incentivize people past
what we have now
all right let's talk about the 10th gen
mobile processor shall we yes this was
posted by william cll on the forum and
we've basically got graphs of how much
better the new generation is compared to
a three year old processor the i7 7820
hk in games
now the notes say that there are graphs
um
[Music]
so
hopefully i will find them
is that what this is did
oh okay yeah sure oh i guess oh boy do i
have oh and you're dead uh luke are you
still there
you don't see you don't see the the
screen oh oh hey look at that yes i do
can you uh
shovel of it a little bit to the right
is there a way for you to do that
uh you know what no don't worry about it
don't worry about it
no no don't worry about it it's good
enough all right cool so you want to
scroll us down to those performance
graphs there
yeah
hey there they are look at that okay so
intel estimates that the gaming
advantage compared to
a three-year-old laptop now
wait a second are they factoring in that
this new laptop is gonna have a better
gpu in it
where's the wait what is the
three-year-old laptop they're comparing
against now just a just a just a gosh
darn
moment
here uh
okay usually intel is pretty good about
having like the configuration of the
systems that they're using
um listed somewhere at the bottom of
these claims you know with all the
little asterisks and stuff i don't see
it yeah i don't see anything oh wait
maybe on the 10th gen
core mobile processors slide
uh
no i don't see the specs here all right
well at any rate um there's the lineup
so at the top end you've got the 1098hk
that is an overclockable chip although
good freaking luck
that's base clock 2.4 max single core
turbo of 5.3
that is pretty nuts then you've got the
i7 10875h oh yeah that is an eight core
16 thread processor this next one down
is also 45 watts um also
uh eight core 16 thread and it perturbs
up to 5.1 with a base clock of 2.3
moving right on down we've got a couple
of six cores i think that 10850h
could be a really interesting one so
that's six cores 45 watts 5.1 maximum
single core turbo that one's pretty
interesting to me that 2.7 gigahertz all
core boost all core uh yeah base or that
2.7 base is pretty nice and then you
move down into we've got another six
core that's also an i7 and the i5s are
both quad core eight thread but these
are all
45 watt tdp processors which basically
tells us right out of the gate
that the
compete level with amd's um 4th gen
ryzen mobile
is just
it's good this is going to be tough this
is going to be an uphill battle and yeah
they've got fancy slides in here talking
about up to 54 more fps
uh versus a three-year-old pc but like
if you are conveniently leaving out and
conveniently comparing to a
three-year-old pc versus a two-year-old
one because the two-year-old one would
be equipped with a very similar graphics
card like you're if you're ignoring the
graphics card upgrades that have taken
place over the last couple of years
you are really reaching
so a question i have for you yes is in
the in the time of this covid stuff and
there's there's stuff going around that
this might last a couple or a few more
months or who knows um
laptop
purchase and investment what do you
think
huh cause when i saw this i'm like okay
so they're they're launching a new
mobile processor but i wonder what the
what the market for mobile stuff is
going to be i could kind of see
arguments potentially for both a higher
interest in buying something mobile and
a lower interest in buying something
mobile you now have more people with the
prospect of potentially working from
home
you can get kind of nicer experiences
for working from home out of a desktop
that being said if you need to invest in
a computer investing a computer that you
can take back to work or back to school
or whatever else when those
organizations open up again
might be kind of the play let's review
that topic in a minute because i just
checked the notes and yes in fact
the comparable
uh
system that they're comparing against uh
the three-year-old laptop has a gtx 1080
and the new one has an rtx 2080.
and the source for that information is
uh alex one alex clark from um linus
tech tips it's a youtube channel you
might have heard of um on a conference
call with intel about these processors
so that seems like a pretty good pretty
good source
well that's pretty silly data then
ouch um so he's got some speculation in
here will these be able to beat the new
ryzen 9. he says this is a guess in all
caps probably in performance he's
probably right but it'll take a huge
laptop with much more cooling and this
is also a guess but probably a correct
guess
so there's loads of new premium laptops
coming out with these
so we'll be interested to see if
if
if if they hold up
you can expect reviews for sure all
right let's change gears and let's talk
about whether now is the right time to
buy a laptop or a desktop
after this message from our sponsors
back blaze
yeah i got them beautiful
backblaze is an unlimited cloud backup
for macs and pcs for just six dollars a
month they've got over 35 billion files
restored uh you can backup docs music
photos videos drawings projects all the
data basically that's what it says that
is in my talking points all the data you
can restore files from anywhere download
them directly on the web or you can
restore by mail so if you do it by mail
they will actually overnight fedex you a
hard drive full of your data you can
offload everything send it back to them
and they will refund you for the drive
cool stuff right no won't keep cost
structure and i believe this was i
thought this was back blaze
um
one second
thought i saw news about this
yes
march 23rd 2020 uh backblaze reached one
exabyte of data
nerds
nerds uh so for a fully featured 15 day
free trial go to backblaze.com when it's
not that i'm salty because i have i have
not as much it's not a measuring contest
okay it's just that they're nerds um so
go play with it and start protecting
yourself from potential bad times the
show is also brought to you by honey
why don't you have honey yet
look i'm ignoring my talking points this
is very straightforward you install the
honey browser
extension in your web browser and then
you shop like you would normally shop
and then it just pops up and it's like
hey
you missed this coupon code
i saved you some money
that's it
it's free honey makes money from the
retailers not from you that's where they
get their commission it is free to use
it installs in just two clicks and
it saves you money
that's that's the pitch so go to
joinhoney.com
linus i'm gonna get that linked right
there
and join honey
just join it
just be one with the honey it's sweet
get it
you got it the show is also brought
what's that i was gonna say my biggest
thing with honey is whether it saves you
money or not and it saved me money a
number of times but it's the peace of
mind of knowing that
i've i've done the work you got the best
because i was legitimately one of those
people that would hunt down coupon codes
online before me too and now i just
press the button and it tries them all
and if they all fail i'm like well
i tried
i really liked the uh i really liked the
price history feature on amazon in
particular so knowing if even if i'm
getting the best deal now knowing if
it's actually a good deal it's pretty
sweet yeah yeah
uh the show is also brought to you by
private internet access what's in your
online security tool kit not pia well
then get pia adding a vpn lets you mask
your ip and it encrypts traffic to and
from your devices pia has reliable
service with over 3 300 servers in 30
countries and they now feature wireguard
which isn't a beta state but they've got
wireguard now uh there's no bandwidth
caps and you can configure your
encryption and you can set up your
internet kill switch so it's not going
to allow any data through if your vpn
becomes disconnected for whatever reason
so just get it when combined with
private browsing it can even make
websites think you're in a different
country it's risk free to try with their
30-day money-back guarantee and you can
connect up to five devices at once with
clients for windows macos android ios
and linux so think about it no matter
how diverse your your group of you know
tech nerd friends is
you could all install pia
and i'm not going to say that you could
do it all of you on one device each with
one account
but you could
i love that pia just like doesn't even
look at these spots that we do for them
get mad about that one but whatever the
point is get pi8s it's it's affordable
lmg.gg slash pia when all right now i
really want to talk about that thing
that you were going to talk about uh
desktop or laptop because of that thing
i want you to go first though hit me
i i kind of always vote this way i think
yeah you're biased yeah yeah okay try it
just try
i'm pretty into desktops i think now
would be the time to go in for a desktop
you think so
yeah
you know what oh man it's tough okay
you're stuck at home if you've if you've
never built a computer before
you you probably have time for projects
whether or not you're able to fit in
building a computer in that project i
don't know but you probably have time
for projects you could dive into
building a computer now there's a bunch
of nerds also stuck at home and probably
help you if you have a phone you would
be able to
show a uh like video of you could do a
video call with someone and show
like most people are for work and stuff
these days uh and show them exactly
what's going on and get it fixed no
problem i'm sure there's gonna be no
issue there and then you'll have the
premium experience during the duration
of the quarantine yeah i think that's
pretty cool i think that's fair you're
leaning a little bit to your right there
sorry there we go yep that's a little
better thanks luke but then i can also
fully understand the argument of like
i need to get a computer for the home
but i won't really use it in my home
once quarantine stuff is over
uh and having one that you could take
with you to your work or to your school
or wherever you need to go
um so that's why i'm torn because on the
one hand it is a great time to build a
desktop so we did a we did a machine on
live stream earlier today actually i
built a machine
that let me just check the the specs of
it but it was like 800 bucks 800
um they accidentally the rgb one was
actually not included in the 800
oops um so that was my bad but hold on
let me just have a look here
uh either way that's a few a few bucks
adder and you don't have to buy that one
if you don't want so ryzen 5 3600 x that
is a six core processor with great
performance that is basically as high as
you need to go to play any game on the
market with any graphics card i mean you
can go higher if you want and then you
can you know video encode for days or
whatever but that is a great chip
decent asrock b450 board that supports
everything you need as long as you're
not trying to run sli or like you know
fancy 10 gigabit per second front panel
usb or anything like that it's got it's
got everything you really need uh it's
got uh
16 gigs of ram i think we put two sticks
of these eight gig uh ddr4 3200 in there
512 gig m.2 ssd the rtx 2060 ko so
that's the cool one that's using the
same gpu as the 2070 and so has a bit
better performance in compute
applications decent case 500 watt 80
plus gold evga power supply that is a
good system for 800
you could throw a cheap monitor keyboard
and mouse and you are ready to go for
under a grand
so that's fantastic because the reality
of it is i don't know what it is but
somehow laptops just seem to slow down
over time don't they and there's nothing
scientific that i can find to back up
to to back it up but like they just they
were fast and then they feel slow i
don't i don't get it and they just they
seem to die faster like that's been my
experience with them definitely die
faster yeah i mean my girlfriend is
still using
my old 2600k
gtx 780 setup oh there's no way you're
running a laptop from that era and
having a good experience no and it's and
her experience is totally fine
okay but
let me give you
the counterpoint to that argument okay
let me just see i just need to check
pricing on this one real quick here
we also did a video this week
on the zephyrus g14
uh let me just see if that one is uh is
up yet ryzen 7 second gen
yeah no it looks like it looks like that
particular model is not up on newegg yet
unfortunately
but that's a laptop with
a solid solid graphics card in it
basically desktop level gaming
performance out of the cpu um
[Music]
laptops have also come a long way in
terms so here hold on so rtx 2060 it's
got um
the ryzen 9 4900 hs which is just
an unbelievable chip eight course 16
threads it turbos up to 4.3 gigahertz
which on amd's architecture is
awesome 512 gigs of storage 14-inch
display uh you can get a high refresh
rate one so you can get a 120 hertz
display
um
for
what is more money yes
that is a great experience and if you
hooked it up to an external monitor and
you're willing to live that dongle life
when you when you sit with it at your
desk
there is so much high-speed io on a
laptop these days that you can do
basically whatever you want to do i
streamed wan show last week it wasn't
pleasant because i didn't have the
ergonomics sorted out but i streamed one
show last week with multiple sources
off of an ultrabook
yep and that was one that was only a six
core
and it was an intel one that's not as
powerful as this new ryzen processor
which is an eight core and it you can
get in like a slim laptop there's
something to be said for being able to
take the performance with you yes it's
less on the go and be able to use the
same machine both at work and at home
absolutely and in terms of dongle
expansion you could even just go with
one of the like amazon basics desktop
usb 3
extension uh not extension uh
expansion i don't know but it like
powers itself through the wall so it's
able to deliver full power to all the
usb ports it's it's actually really nice
and it's like 30 bucks or something
and then you don't actually really have
to deal with all these
short kind of dangly annoying dongles
because you can place that wherever you
want i i just yeah
sorry
i i think
yeah if you have a very strong argument
for the mobility of the computer down
the line when we're out of quarantine
that's its own thing i just think right
now is especially a strong argument for
building a desktop
i i i don't think you're wrong i mean
the desktop is going to be more
upgradable in the long term it's just
that we also happen to be going through
a big leap forward in performance for
notebooks at this very moment right now
so it's just it's a good time it's a
good time to get a computer you know you
know what i'm talking about
yeah um
all right then all those crazy amount of
people that have started playing uh
computer games the the stats out of like
steam and twitch and all this kind of
stuff is crazy over the last year
hey even i got a streaming setup i want
to jump some nano this weekend
i've got like the key lights and
everything like you you can't see it i
look pretty crappy on your feed just
because i'm i've got a webcam at about
10 fps i'm moving my head back and forth
and luke's feed looks hilariously bad
but i've got a dslr that i'm using for
the lan show it actually looks in my
opinion quite quite crisp
yeah i can see it on i have uh
the twitch and flow plane and youtube
streams
cause i'm on my desktop at home desktop
it wouldn't matter because you could
plug monitors into a laptop whatever
don't worry about it but but i have lots
of monitor space so i can just put
everything everywhere that's great you
know what that's another thing too is
like
laptop i o has come a long way i talk a
lot about how great thunderbolt is but
you don't even need thunderbolt like a
usb 10 gigabit per se 10 gigabit per
second
that is a lot of data you could have a
couple of capture cards running off of a
single one of those ports
no problem at all
so yeah something to be said both ways
yeah on the subject of laptops um this
was one of colin's suggestions for
topics today razer released a new blade
15 with a 300 hertz display so that's
kind of nice full hd or you can get an
oled 4k touchscreen if you prefer that
it's got hdr 400 certification on the
oled panel man hdr and laptops we needed
oled to come
for that to happen just because you
can't do it on an lcd without full array
local dimming and you'd have a laptop
that's like this thick
um i don't want to be i don't want to be
boring but all of this is like
i don't know 300 hertz on a laptop
or 4k on a laptop
are both things that i would are you
just salty because you don't have it
they're both things i would uh
definitely not invest my money in
okay 4k on a laptop i'm with you 100
makes no sense 1440p should have been
the laptop resolution
five years ago and it should still be
the laptop resolution today there is no
reason to be pushing those extra pixels
on a 14-inch 15-inch device it makes no
sense um as for
300 hertz
why not
i'm not it's not the worst thing i just
don't want to spend my money on it so i
was surprised when we did the test with
uh corey shroud and um
and with grimms um i was surprised
because i always thought going from 60
to 120 was night and day and then past
there it was kind of like point of
diminishing returns
but
the amount of improvement that we saw
once we were measuring it empirically
from those guys even going up to 240
hertz was
noticeable so i would be interested to
see do they actually get another maybe
it's just ten percent maybe it's just
eight percent better but when you're
talking competitive gaming
i would take eight percent any day of
the week
i just i would give you anything i can
get because i suck but that's a whole
conversation me too
shut up now
no oh dude no i refuse to talk we're no
longer on speaking terms so this is
going to be a really awkward rest of the
wan show
i
yeah i just
like how you you're talking
really high-end competitive gaming i
don't know how much of that happens on a
laptop
i'm sure some does
i know people that have been super super
into gaming that played on a laptop but
like that being their
their main system
seems like maybe a little bit of a
stretch to me personally
but
i don't know
it's cool to have those uh options for
people i guess it's just very notably
not for me if i want to really try hard
at a game i'll sit down at a desktop
you're really showing off your your
corona beard here
i never told luke that i wouldn't talk
to you guys so i'm going to talk on the
show just not to him
i've got another great topic to tell you
guys about here so 80 400 megahertz ram
is now coming ddr5 mass production
starts this year so we began the
transition from ddr3 to ddr4
six years ago wrap your brain around
that
six
years ago the transition began and now
memory suppliers are finally laying the
groundwork for the leap from ddr4 to
ddr5 now ddr4 has gotten better it's
gotten faster the latencies have gotten
better that it has definitely been
refined in that time
but uh we have not had a generational
leap forward in quite some time ladies
and gentlemen so it makes so much sense
i
jaden asked me so
sorry guys can you hear something right
now why
i'm not gonna go into why but jaden
asked me for a graphics card and some
ram and i i was able to hook him up and
i asked him like do you need ddr3 or
ddr4
and he kind of
paused for a second as in like what do
you even mean and then was like ddr4 and
i was like well i don't know but yeah i
guess no one really needs that
sk hynix is claiming that ddr5 will
ultimately offer twice the bandwidth
currently available with ddr4 modules uh
so the current ddr4 modules
top out well the jdex certified ones top
out at 3 200 megahertz although you can
definitely get ones that go faster
so there will be a 50 boost in bandwidth
meaning that ddr5 4800 should be
commonplace but speeds will ramp up from
there and they claim they'll reach up to
ddr58400
megahertz in the future
uh the modules were operated i will
operate at just 1.1 volt versus 1.2
volts there will be on-dye error
correction for more reliable technology
node scaling by correcting single bit
errors internally that's pretty sweet 32
bank structure an upgrade from ddr4 16
banks for per four bank groups
um
i wonder if that's just for error
correcting memory or if that's for
everything
burst length of 16 versus eight for ddr4
same thing ddr5 will offer a wide range
of density based on
six
gigabit and even 24 gigabit monolithic
dives in order to meet the needs of
cloud service customers really 24
gigabit
dies
huh
that's a the first time i think i've
seen like an oddball
uh
an oddball die size like that
mass production will begin later this
year
cool sorry can you guys hear something
that was weird
i don't know i really thought you were
gonna fight on that i'm over it i'm back
i'm back
i forgive you for claiming to be bad at
gaming he is so much better than me
that to hear him say that he's bad is
basically a direct insult to me because
it means that i must be gutter trash but
this whole debate isn't fair either
because you just never play games so
once you play a game long enough you're
really good at it no
no yes
we've proven this a number of times my
raw skills are just not enough not
enough to compete i'm afraid
mind you i'm pretty sure he played three
matches of pub g when he had never
touched the game ever before and we won
two out of our first three yeah but
i didn't do anything we were playing
with yes you did
i didn't do much
i don't remember what the names of the
guns are in that game because i haven't
played for in forever but he had one of
the lower damage snipers and he would
always tag people before engages at
least once or twice and then we're able
to just clean them up that's super
valuable you just didn't get the killing
blows yeah i didn't i don't think i got
any kills so yeah there's that it's fine
it's a support rule support role yeah
that's another way of saying that i'm
not good enough to play in the front
line um
i'm definitely better than you at beat
saber though so i'm uh i'm taking that
to the bank i i've been i've been
playing so much i've like gotten a lot
better too i i don't think i'd ever be
able to properly compete with you
because i don't have the
that type of wrist movement is not
exactly my forte i was showing yvonne
yeah you're more into
uh sorry i was showing yvonne like how i
move my wrists for beat saber i was like
yeah it's gotta be you're showing a bond
how you move your wrist oh yeah you
gotta pronate right
you gotta pronate and instead of kind of
slicing like this you know instead of
being like this you gotta slice through
like this and she was like
oh
and then we actually got from there into
working on her badminton swing because i
was like yeah it should be just like
your badminton swing and she's like yeah
i'm swinging just like my badminton
swing i'm like oh well then your
badminton swings wrong we got to fix
that unfortunately we can't go anywhere
and play because all the gyms are closed
so that that blows but i'm looking
forward to getting back into it my my
weird little ball thing has shipped now
to like hit against the wall in practice
what's the
eta uh there is no eta it's shipped via
like economy because i wasn't willing to
pay 12 or whatever
okay all right let's talk about this is
kind of a big topic
cloudflare is now offering filtering for
pornography and malware
so uh this was posted by tetris guy on
the forum
and if you're not familiar cloudflare
has their
dns so 1.1.1.1
and
they are launching a new product which
is
1.1.1.1 for families offering all the
good stuff about 1.101.1 which is
faster dns queries um but now with
filtering for
malware and adult content so if you use
1.1.1.2
that'll block malware that they're aware
of i mean obviously won't catch
everything and if you do
1.1.1.3 it will block malware and adult
content should we try it
live on stream
no
really you don't want to part of you is
tempted you're tempted
you're a little i mean
i'm very interested i'm i'm honestly
more interested because i don't really
care about the other one i'm more
interested in uh the malware how they
decide something's malware yep um i'm
interested in how they decide what adult
content is because is it just
pornography like are we are we opening
up
the pandora's box of internet um
filtration i doubt it i'm sure reddit is
permitted i doubt it too but like
is his tumblr banned
probably not anymore because i guess
they did away with that
here's how it works in the coming months
they'll be launching options to create
whitelists and blacklists of certain
sites and you'll be able to set the
times of day when categories such as
social media are blocked and you'll be
able to get reports on your household's
internet usage so this is intended to be
something that much like there was a
product from uh
ah shoot i think it was the bitdefender
box yeah there was a product from
bitdefender that
um i showed that you can basically
install as your router or in between
your router um and your and your broader
internet connection that would do this
kind of filtration and reporting but
this is pretty much just being able to
do it
through your router's dns settings
which is very very interesting it uses
the same site categorization and
filtering technology that powers
cloudflare's gateway product and i'm not
that familiar with it are you
no okay well that's unfortunate
i mean look they have a lot of different
stuff
as a parent man i could see myself using
this like just
yeah kids are always going to be able to
get through stuff
but
making it a little more difficult like
making it a little less convenient um
not necessarily a bad
thing yeah i don't know what gateway is
i mean i could see putting the uh
i could see just using the malware
blocker at the office like you never
know if someone's gonna just derp and
like accidentally infect the whole place
yeah that that could be helpful for some
things um
someone in twitch chat said a
a apparently the filter as with other
filters
other similar filters in the past it has
issues with
lgbt content
yep
inappropriately flagging it so that's
interesting something to maybe pay
attention to i don't know it's it's
ah when it's not manually done
it's interesting what it's going to
catch yep and what it's not going to
catch powered by lava lamps or whatever
yeah
so what happened that's actually not the
last it is very cool
yeah yeah all right we got a couple the
lava lamps were deciding
i i'm in i'm done all right do you want
to fire up ltdstore.com because we got a
pretty pretty cool update
i'll just go ahead and screen share that
so guys you can join the folding team
now with your shirt
there it is
we've got a folding shirt so the profits
from this one um not the proceeds we do
need to cover the actual costs of the
shirts and printing and all that but the
profits from these are going to go
directly to folding at home efforts
we're not a hundred percent sure what
form they're going to take yet um it's
possible that we will be keeping our
folding farm our folding farm excuse me
our uh
sorry covet efforts oof okay they're
going towards covet efforts so it's
possible that we're going to keep our 3d
printing face shield farm running and
actually hire
one of collins maker buddies to run that
so we could
we could cover some of the costs of
running that whether it's filament or a
salary for someone to keep that running
for as long as operation shields up
needs more face shields we might end up
donating it directly whether it's to
covid or folding at home research but
basically the commitment from our side
is all the profits from the shirts are
going to fund efforts around covet 19
research and relief in canada and this
is pretty cool
each dollar raised will be matched
towards folding at home directly by
intel up to a maximum of 40 000 us
dollars
that's awesome thank you intel yeah so
guys uh this item is sold as a pre-order
all the shirts will be printed and
shipped within three weeks
orders including this shirt by the way
if you order other stuff with it will
not
be shipped until the shirt is printed so
that we don't get billed for shipping
twice
but yeah this is just a cool way to
wrap folding at home
rep the ltt folding team oh yeah i
didn't show you guys this but the back
which side is it on uh must be yeah this
side
there it is yeah somewhere somewhere
yeah there it is
i didn't see anything yeah there's a qr
there's a qr code on the back
um cool so if you scan it it will
actually take you to extreme
overclocking to the uh linus tech tips
team stats page
that's pretty cool
just like you know little little nerdy
things right yeah i know i like that
that's cool
i just actually want to have a look at
our stats guys if you haven't joined the
linus tech tips folding team yet
come on guys
get get on this because we are currently
absolutely crushing it so in the last
our 24 hour average is four billion
points which is over one and a half
billion more than the default
non-configured team
um
let's see and then after that it falls
off pretty sharply with everyone else
under a billion
so yeah we're kind of we're kind of
crushing it so keep it up guys we've got
over 50 000 active folders right now and
we're looking to we're looking to move
up the ranks here it'd be nice to move
up the rank so let's let's do it oh
yes yes very funny okay yes we do also
have another merch item that is that is
very hot very fresh you know very very
funny very funny joke uh hashtag lie
nuss uh that's amazing nick insisted
that we do just like a simple black
shirt with white text you know like a
spread the word type of
thing if you guys this will be a limited
this will be a limited run shirt we're
never going to bring this back again for
sure
um it's like one of those haha very
funny joke i remember that i got the
shirt um
but this is not the kind of thing that
we're going to have around forever
although
if
if oh it pains me to say this if ltx
goes ahead this year
i suspect that showing up in one of
those would be pretty much the cool kids
move
i was literally thinking like the
probably one of the better ways to troll
you would be wearing one of those and
like getting a picture or something
yeah it's very funny yes thank you
getting you to sign it as a signature of
authenticity
yeah hashtag lie nus
uh there's other good store news um
the stealth hoodies that we paid 12
shipped per per unit uh those are in
stock now and we have not altered the
pricing so we're just absorbing that
twelve dollars um so guys get it stealth
hoodie the classic uh 59.99 usd all
right that's that's it for all that
stuff
and uh actually i don't know if i have
anything uh
i don't know if i have anything else in
here that's like worth talking about
youtube is reportedly working on shorts
to compete with tiktok i mean if it's
anywhere near as bad as their stories
feature then i doubt it'll compete that
much but the stories gets a lot of views
i can tell you a lot of people look at
them
they just need to they just need to
improve the app a little bit because
it's real it's real clunky
yeah um
i think one of youtube's issues is going
to be notifications and delivery just
like it is with
stories to a certain degree
um
with everything that they've tried to do
other than just kind of like vaude
it feels it has the like this site
wasn't made for this
feel
um and like where do you put it
what category does it even go under um
how do you make people care when someone
shows up to the home page
how do you decide like oh yeah this
person definitely wanted to see a a
short instead of a a proper
normal
youtube video they'd almost need like
i wonder if to a certain
at a certain point if like a separate
app would almost make more sense for
these types of things i don't think so i
think they have to find a way to bring
it all under the youtube umbrella for
better or for worse because here's the
thing yeah but they have youtube music
they do but that's not
that's just music that's just them
trying to like use the licensing for
music that they already have for youtube
to
make a you know
to have an easier approach to like music
streaming i think as far as i can tell i
don't know why
google play music is going away and
youtube music is replacing it because as
a branding
thing it makes no sense to me whatsoever
also google play music is like nice and
easy to use and youtube music is not
so yeah there's that good old good old
google just doing google things um i
mean here's the thing too is you and i
might be looking at this tick tock clone
or the store stories and not really able
to understand it because we aren't the
target audience
but i can tell you that when i'm on top
of my youtube stories my subscription
rate for the channel goes up
stories are being fed to people who are
otherwise not engaged with the content
it's a totally different audience member
in a lot of cases and they can make a
gateway drug to get people into the
full-fledged techie content that we
upload like our longer form stuff
so there does appear to be a value to it
it's just something that i don't really
understand that well because i'm not uh
i'm not personally a member of that
audience
yeah makes sense
um
i think that's pretty much it for the
show this week it's kind of good a
couple super chats maybe
ah
okay logang says hey you
alrighty then
robert mail says put this uh five dollar
super chat a couple minutes after we go
live tgi friday did you hear about zoom
security being poor as all heck yeah
yeah we did that was uh that was one of
our top stories in tech linked on
wednesday when i filmed it shot that in
my front yard
because i have a new neighbor
who just like is always blasting music
in their backyard so my backyard just
always has music coming over the fence
and it's like
it's not like classical music you know
it's like annoying music
and sometimes the lyrics are explicit
it's like
really like get a clue like just you're
in a family neighborhood maybe calm down
a little bit yeah like just just get a
clue it's just not necessary and like
it's not if they were just listening to
it like just loud enough for them to
hear that would be fine but i'm not that
close and it's loud like if i open my
bedroom window i can listen to their
music like it's really annoying
because i love twitch chat you're
talking about this like loud music
explicit lyrics and stuff and somebody
in chat just in all caps venga boys vega
boys you had no
i don't think so
um
oh man twitch chat is just like
so
so brutal and like dumb sometimes
ah
it's like this chat i was trying to
throw you a bone but he's kind of right
i'm just like there's there's one person
i'm not even going to name them they're
like
aka black rap that is nothing but
vulgarity let me tell you
i i've heard some white rap that is
nothing but vulgarity and i've i've
heard some some
other colors of rap that are pretty
colorful too
i've also heard not rap that's quite
colorful it's pretty vulgar yeah
let's not pretend that that's what this
is about there's plenty of rock music
that like is directly about committing
heinous crimes
but in an upbeat tone so people don't
realize it oh yeah like the oh man there
there are there's some music that i like
listen to as a kid and i'm like yeah no
wonder my parents didn't want me listen
to this i didn't understand what it was
about oh yeah um metal gappy says hey
how are you enjoying the dji fpv stuff
actually colin's been playing around
with it hit him up on twitter i think
you can find his twitter handle in the
credits of any video that he helped do
so like
uh we've got one coming up um the the
the sub 100 3d printer
uh his twitter should be in there
uh dragon boy studio says my first wan
show requires that i donate or my first
live land show all right thank you thank
you very much thanks tekken
that is the uh that is the standard way
of things
this is the way
first rancho donate sherwin says what
the hell is on your chin
what
it's a oh it's a pop filter i think he
means yeah though i think
oh pretty sure that's not just his chin
by the way but
you know
all right um
thanks brendan thanks
arthur cabs
uh what else we got here all right uh
justin says are you guys gonna send luke
a decent camera and mike for future wan
shows no he has a camera he just needs
to find the cable for it you've lost a
lot of cables lately you lost all your
display port cables did you find those
oh my what sorry your displayport cables
that you ordered to the office
no
they're just gone
i've looked a number of times um
but yeah i can't find them last i heard
i think weren't cables no
yeah i couldn't really find the cable
bins last time i was in there and all
the inventory guys were gone so i just
left okay maybe they haven't been in
there
here t asks a good question this is a
good question is it worth getting a
valve index as a monitor replacement
i've been wanting to do this for ages
that's a good answer
it's a good answer to a good question we
are still a couple of resolution bumps
away from that and then a couple of
comfort
uh breakthroughs yeah away from that
yeah
yeah it's it's like
the the the dream the pipe dream at the
time and dream now that that is uh
when you were looking at like dk1
were
insanely closer to it now than we were
yeah but we're still probably almost
just as far away we're still a long way
away
yeah um jeff jones says i know you
touched on it last week but is it wrong
for youtube premium members to fast
forward through your sponsor spots i
mean nothing i don't know it's all up to
you what's wrong or right i can tell you
that we make more on you being a youtube
premium member than pretty much any
other way that you can contribute other
than uh subscribing to floatplane
yeah and lttstore.com if you buy a shirt
every month that would be more than if
your youtube premium member but youtube
premium is definitely better than ads
maximum floatplane subscription shirt
every month yeah twitch subscriber forum
contributor
what a shill
we're getting up there i'm not going to
correct you though it's not wrong you're
not wrong that would be great
we can't really ask that of you guys
though no
that's a lot of shirts
all right chris says uh have a good
weekend boys i'm going out for a rip
all right sounds good just maintain your
social distancing all right
yeah all right you're the only one
allowed in the in the ripping device
yeah that's right you got to be six feet
apart
well that's it for me what's what's new
with you hey you wanted to talk about
your um your your streaming setup for
the professors last week and people
informed me that i was very rude and cut
you off i actually didn't mean to i was
just i was kind of tuned out because i
was trying to fix something to do with
the stream so i wasn't really listening
and it seemed like you were like
starting apparently it seemed like you
were trying to start a conversation
about it and i just like moved on so why
don't you tell me about what you were
doing i did uh
oh so were you just done like was that
it
i was not done but someone from the
it team of that school
showed up in the twitch chat and
probably sent roughly i'm just gonna
throw a guess at like a hundred messages
uh that very much felt like a swat team
trying to knock on my door trying to get
attention this is this is so-and-so from
from this thing i work in this
department you need to talk to me i need
to communicate with you now i can prove
my identity we need to solve this
and that was like constantly being
posted in the twitch chat and then when
you rated my girlfriend's stream
afterwards he went to there and kept
posting it
so i eventually had to be like hey man
you should probably deal with this
internally and not through twitch chat
and
not talk to me because i'm just trying
to help them uh so
yeah there's been some some developments
there it i i'm not gonna go way too far
into it because i probably shouldn't but
it
blows my mind
the lack of rising to the occasion that
has happened from
certain
uh departments
at certain companies or organizations
at this time
okay that got real awkward real fast
all right
speaking of awkward i have a poll for
our viewers
uh that i will be posting i'm gonna hit
float plane first
so we'll get their results first guys go
ahead and uh submit your submit your
votes submit your votes in the poll okay
i'm gonna get these these polls in there
they're like this poll is going to be
fire if you know what i'm saying you
know you know what i'm saying
firebird
okay i gotta know i just gotta know
okay i'm gonna vote for you here we go
here we go i'm voting for you i'm voting
for you okay
all right let's have let's have a look
at let's have a look at the results here
actually do you want to pull up that do
you want to pull up the results sure
screen share screen share your side i
don't have screen shares that sharing
setup
oh my goodness people are very
passionate about this the votes are
pouring in
they're pouring in my friends we've only
got like 10 000 people watching i don't
think i've ever seen this high
engagement with a poll
all right luke's up at 39
with i hate it when mommy and daddy make
me choose at 31
followed by linus
oh i
i said i was gonna vote for you and i
did but then after i said that i read
the i hate it when mommy had me make me
choose and that's what i would have
voted for
if i read that before i said i was gonna
vote for you wow we've got over 2 000
votes okay so it's official i got to get
rid of this thing because you rock it
you rock it better you rock it better
it's maybe development is not done yet
maybe you need to keep working
you have the time now
oh man
yeah i suppose although i have been
appearing on camera throughout the whole
thing so it's not like i just get to
transform from like scrub tastic to
having one
i was going to leave that part and the
best part is that the videos are going
up completely out of order so it's just
going to make no sense for like weeks
how's um how has
production been
through this whole thing oh it's been
it's been frustrating and tiring like i
i have to do most of my own setup
yvonne's had to like film with me she
did a shockingly good job of the vlog
where we set up 100 bluetooth speakers
in our house though like i was watching
it back i was like yeah sure i'd hire
her it's all right yeah yeah
yeah i'd hang around with that chick you
know what i mean
no
[Laughter]
anyway um
yeah no it's been we only got five done
this week um when we were definitely
aiming for you know one per release day
so six
i do have something that i like could
film tonight or on the weekend but i'm
like i'm tired because it's just it's
taking a toll on me doing all the setup
all the tear down
um all the hosting like the team is
doing their best they're they're
supporting me as best they can remotely
but it's tough right
i just don't then sometimes i just don't
have all the materials i need like i i
needed a secondary camera for the stream
earlier today and i realized that the
blackmagic cinema camera that i have
is sdi only and i don't have an sdi
capture card and then i needed a longer
hdmi cable i had to go tear that out of
literally embedded in one of my walls
uh in order to get the camera where i
needed it just like one thing after
another compared to the studio which
just has everything there like
within reach you know
yeah so that's been frustrating but i
also think that
it's the most fun i've had in a long
time
because it's kind of like it's kind of
like
yeah
yeah yeah yeah
i could totally see that out of
necessity like every video that i work
on
has to be
like
just kind of doing something crazy at
home
so it's been really enjoyable that way
if nothing else
yeah
yeah i think um
as horrible as all this stuff is and it
is horrible
the
the opportunities to rise to occasions
are very fulfilling when you can do them
and there's
so there
if you're in a position where that's a
possibility it's kind of
it's nice i like that i'm enjoying the
challenge yeah exactly and and the
audience is going to understand
recording this like it's it's pretty
obvious why what's happening is
happening so you don't get the like what
the heck reaction from the audience
you're probably getting more of an
appreciation
reaction from the audience people are
pretty forgiving of the the lapses in
quality so far yeah yeah so like it it's
kind of it's uh
it's not that bad
um hey you know what i think we talked
about this on a previous stream but i
don't think we ever actually showed it
um
so the the halo
remastered whatever thing master chief
collection
i have that file here i have that file
okay guys check check this out okay so
you're gonna you're gonna see it on the
stream so it's gonna be a little bit
delayed i can't believe i haven't been
recording this because this was the most
fun that i had playing okay boost me
in probably wait years grenade grenade
for sure
so luke and i decided to uh
to just kind of bro one evening
i have no idea how to uh
how to control this media
uh okay once it's in obs i guess i might
just have to grab a square region think
of a sort of place you could play it in
a
media player and just capture that i'm
going to do that okay let's do that so
we decided to tackle the silence i
believe i have this the the level where
you storm the beach you have to get down
to the silent cartographer
in halo one
uh we weren't streaming or anything i
wish we were streaming because that was
hi hilarious
it was actually amazing display capture
that would have been the best stream
i've had in years if not ever
and i didn't stream it
it would have been my best stream ever
for sure all right so here we go here we
go
let's see if i can find a couple a
couple a couple of these classic moments
uh so you can't you can't see this very
easily eh
okay so hold on a second so here's where
we're trying to get through this door
out of rockets but i have four plasma oh
man i gotta i gotta mute that i gotta
mute that so basically what we're trying
to do is we're trying to get the warthog
all the way down
to the map room so you can see we
actually i think this one we blasted
across the chasm with a grenade
um
luke are you looking at this one yet is
this the one that we hit with the rocket
launcher with the grenadine oh yeah so
we've got two warthogs here now because
our brilliant idea for how to get the
first one through was to ram it from
behind
so what we're trying to do right now is
write this one without knocking it down
into the chasm here because if we do it
dies meanwhile that one at the front is
kind of glitched in the door
[Laughter]
like for context
i just kind of started doing this pretty
early on
and we kept on
saying like like it's not gonna work
we're not gonna be able to get it past
this next point
and then we just kept being able to do
it and we ended up accomplishing
the whole freaking level and then back
out again which was kind of epic hold on
where's the part where did we where's
the part where we managed to get that
one through the door man this took
forever like it took forever to get
through this door
that section in particular took an
extremely long time i don't even
remember how it went through ultimately
i think i got on the other side
we we killed the the covenant on the
other side and i got on the other side
and i think we just shot under it with a
rocket and it popped the front end up
enough that it was able to get through
the door i think that's what happened
was that while i was driving it
i think so i think this might be this
might be the moment are you sure you can
see it you can see my marker i'm not
sure it was a rocket it might have been
a grenade as well so it was a
combination of ramming them through
using grenades
and using the rocket launcher
i think you're holding a rocket launcher
here i think this might be it
let's see oh man it's like completely
glitched out
this is like the dumbest segment of wan
show i think we've ever done
there it is there it is look at this
what even is that
what yeah yeah
so ridiculous so cool
so ridiculous
anyway the the the best moment the best
moment is definitely uh
the the drive-through drive-through
order of silent silent cartographer did
we did we really drive it all the way
out
yes i don't know if we did did we really
we did we drove it out
or we drove a different one out i don't
remember because we have three yeah we
had three in there that was why we were
up exploring on the surface at some
point okay we're looking for
is this where we're finding our way out
yeah yeah here it is here it is
all right so there we are map room
give it a try guys give it a try it was
the most fun that i had gaming for a
couple of hours
in basically
ages
total blast
i don't know how we got it through this
one like that is very clearly too small
it's trying so hard
so dumb
didn't
yeah there you go there it is
so we've got the warthog in the cut
scene because i think i spend the next
little bit trying to
uh pull out like the drive-through yet
and then luke gets in
the in the hog i think and then i try to
activate it and then jump into it at the
same time because i end up like
partially in it yeah something like that
here you know the cutscene's about to go
our goal was to have a warthog in every
cutscene and we we sort of did it yeah
cool
one of them we triggered the cutscene a
little bit too early the warthog was
still there it just wasn't exactly where
we wanted it to be we were at the end we
were trying to get uh the warthog into
the pelican
yeah that was that was that was too hard
we couldn't get the timing right we were
like trying to drive it towards it and
then
uh time it so that a grenade would go
off lifting up the front end enough to
drive it in
um we also tried just like shooting it
with a rocket launcher just to kind of
blast it in there and we just we
couldn't couldn't get it to go if we had
more supplies it might have been easier
but we had like
i think it was one rocket and like two
or three grenades maybe yeah at one
point in time i think we only had one
grenade because it kept auto saving as
we were using more and more consumables
and it just got extremely tedious
um
so so we stopped having fun which is
basically you know the point where it's
kind of the point any game you kind of
stop playing it
yeah
so i think you do the cinematic pretty
soon here yeah i think we were
discussing like how we wanted to do it
for a while yeah
oh hold on there it is okay press e to
activate the silent cartographer here we
go here we go so yeah i think do i tell
you to get out and get in the gut oh
yeah there we go there we go so i
activated it and then got in so you're
like stuck in the water clipped in it
okay hello yes i'll have a big mac and
fries please the camera's just like in
the car yeah
so i love stuff like that so dumb all
right um
great great show today thank you very
much uh thanks guys for tuning in we'll
see you again next week same bat time
same bat channel
goodbye
now for the next one right yeah yeah
yeah one more one more all right we
really have to do another one all right
goodbye